what's up need to know gamers the kid
here with another wheel update so we
have even more exciting news about the
wii u about the gamepad and the pro
controller as well as additional news so
let's start this off with the actual pro
controller according to gamestop the Wii
U pro controller battery life last 80
hours by comparison to the xbox 360 and
ps3 controllers that's more than half
the battery of life that is really
interesting no word on this from
Nintendo officially but I'm sure
Nintendo will make a comment on this in
the future speaking of wii u controllers
ubisoft says that the gamepad latency is
one sixtieth of a second this is from
one of the developers of Rayman legends
named Michael answer and he says quote
it's crazy because the game is running
in full HD on the television we are
streaming another picture on the gamepad
screen and it's still 60 frames per
second at the latency on the controller
it's just one sixtieth of a second so
it's one frame late it's crazy it's so
fast it's almost instant for those who
don't know what that means that is the
actual lag time between the TV screen
what's happening on the TV screen and
what's happening on the gamepad screen
so it's very very fast you would not
actually notice it so that's a really
huge thing for the wii u that's going on
for the gamepad that that's really
advanced if it can be that fast in the
lag between both the TV and the gamepad
screen in other news best buy will be
receiving wii u demos
the 17th that is tomorrow now there are
some information here about that
actually happening it says that Nintendo
representatives will actually be
installing these some may not be
activated until the 22nd and this will
be store by store basis so it may not be
in every store gamestop is also getting
demo units shipped in directly and there
you have to call it to see if there are
any in or are working on it so they
won't be again in any stores so that
will be happening tomorrow October 17 so
for those who are excited remember to
call Best Buy's before just going to a
best buy because they may not have it so
guys my thoughts on all this news about
the Wii U pro controller battery life
lasting 80 hours like it said it hasn't
yet been confirmed officially by
Nintendo so we have no idea if this is
true or not or if gamestop is just
yanking our chains as far as Ubisoft and
the gamepad latency being one sixtieth
of a second that is pretty much instant
that that you know that is something
that the human eye unless you're
concentrating so much you will not
notice that and even if you were
concentrating a lot you probably
wouldn't notice it so the whatever is in
the actual game pad it's quite powerful
because all wireless devices have some
sort of lag but I never seen or heard of
lag being this you know this minor in
any wireless device usually sometimes
lag is you know one or two seconds or
something like that or noticeable at
that point it can be really fast but
sometimes it's noticeable but with what
Ubisoft is singing with the gamepad it's
pretty much instant and you basically
will not ever notice it so about the wii
u demos
I'm excited and I will be calling around
tomorrow to see if what best buy's have
it there may be a line up the yin-yang
but as long as I can get my hands on the
way you thou be very interesting and now
if I can do that if I can actually find
the gamestop non-game stop by the best
buy near me that has it i may do my
impressions on em on or you know a
preview about the wii u and the game
patent stuff so like I said the there
was no word on the playable demos but of
course we're going to see new super
mario brothers wii we're not we but you
and stuff on there we may see some other
games but it's not it's not clear how
many stations they will have in one
store it could just be one with probably
one game on it so we'll see and if it is
one game it's most likely going to be
new super mario brothers you and it may
differ on what store one store may have
zombiu one store may have the wonderful
101 you never know but this is a store
on store basis so it's not going to be
on be in every best buy store so and
gamestop is going to get some soon too
so that's good for those who are not you
know sure so those are my thoughts on
all this news I mean everything seems
really cool really fine the whole game
pad latency is spectacular I think and
the Wii U pro controller lasting 80
hours is also spectacular though it's
still kind of iffy on if that's true or
not this is gamestop you know saying
that not actual you know Nintendo so
until they say something I will be
skeptical of this news i'm just going to
list it as a rumor but you know as far
as ubisoft goes I believe every bit of
that because I've seen a video and
someone was playing mass effect 3 and
the how fast the video feed from the TV
to the game
had happened was phenomenal it was
almost instant I was you know amazed of
how fast that actually happened and it
was no lack and all it you didn't see
any visible like after it appeared on
the gamepad screen it just ran you know
so that's really cool and interesting I
can't wait for this for this all this to
come out you know in November eighteenth
it's approaching very fast and I can't
wait till tomorrow to see which best
buys actually have the wii u so again
that's it for this video I'll be doing
more updates on the Wii U as more things
are revealed guys don't forget to Like
comment and subscribe and please favor
it if you can thank you guys for
watching I'll see you guys next video